readme: Add two greetd implementations (#3)
kennylevinsen/greetd: README.md

- [wlgreet](https://git.sr.ht/~kennylevinsen/wlgreet) - Wayland greeter (using wlr-layer-shell, to be used with something like `sway`)
- [tuigreet](https://github.com/apognu/tuigreet) - Console UI greeter (using tui-rs)
- [ReGreet](https://github.com/rharish101/ReGreet) - Clean and customizable GTK4 based greeter (to be used with something like `sway`)

> - [marine_greetdm](https://github.com/Decodetalkers/marine_greetdm) - A cli greeter, by rustyline and without gui. It can configure enviroment variable for special desktop.

Reviewer: minor nit
```suggestion
- [marine_greetdm](https://github.com/Decodetalkers/marine_greetdm) - A cli greeter, by rustyline and without gui. It can configure enviroment variables for special desktops.
```

Author: Thanks very much, all is done
